Now let's add some pages.
To create a new page,
start by selecting 'Practice' in this box.
Once selected,
a new page will appear here.
If you want to add a page inside a specific unit,
module,
or section,
simply click on the container
and just create a page here.
A practice page is intended for ungraded activities,
allowing learners to engage with the content
without impacting their scores.
In contrast,
a scored page
is used for graded activities,
such as assessment,
checkpoints,
and exams.
You will notice that
practice pages and score pages have distinct icons in your curriculum list.
These icons help you easily differentiate
between content types and track the structure of your course.